Add blog post for Open Payments .NET SDK (#207)
interledger/interledger.org-developers: src/content/blog/2026-04-23-open-payments-dotnet.md

---
title: 'Open Payments meet .NET'

> description: 'Integrate Open Payments into your stack with native DI, full type safety and automatic GNAP signatures.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Integrate Open Payments into your stack with native DI, full type safety and automatic request signing.'
```
Suggestion

The `Interledger.OpenPayments.HttpSignatureUtils` package is also available separately if you need HTTP signature functionality in other contexts.

## Error Handling

The SDK provides structured error handling through typed exceptions. API errors are surfaced as `ApiException<ErrorResponse>`, giving you access to the HTTP status code, the raw response and a deserialized error model:

```csharp
try
{
    var payment = await client.CreateOutgoingPaymentAsync(requestArgs, body);
}
catch (ApiException<ErrorResponse> ex)
{
    // Typed error with structured details
    Console.WriteLine($"Error: {ex.Result.Error.Code}");        // e.g. "invalid_request"
    Console.WriteLine($"Description: {ex.Result.Error.Description}");
    Console.WriteLine($"HTTP Status: {ex.StatusCode}");          // e.g. 400, 403
}
catch (ApiException ex)
{
    // Unexpected error — no typed body
    Console.WriteLine($"Unexpected error ({ex.StatusCode}): {ex.Response}");
}
```

Auth server errors include specific GNAP error codes like `invalid_client`, `request_denied`, and `too_fast` (rate limiting), so you can handle each scenario appropriately.

## Real-World Payment Scenarios

> The SDK ships with eight annotated guides covering end-to-end payment flows:

Reviewer: Are these guides the ones on openpayments.dev? If so, instead of  "The SDK ships with eight annotated guides" we can say something like "we have updated the eight guides  openpayments.dev to include detailed dotnet client usage & examples"

Author: Solved

1. **One-time e-commerce payment** - retailer checkout with quote and interactive grant
2. **Fixed-debit remittance** - send fixed amount from your account
3. **Fixed-receive remittance** - ensure the recipient gets an exact amount
4. **Recurring payment setup** - monthly subscriptions with ISO 8601 intervals
5. **Recurring fixed-debit** payments
6. **Recurring fixed-receive** payments
7. **Split payments** - divide a payment between multiple recipients
8. **Pre-authorized future payments** - grant access for a service to initiate payments later

Each guide walks through the full payment lifecycle. You can find the full guides and documentation at [openpayments.dev](https://openpayments.dev/).

## What's Next

This is just the beginning. We're actively working on improving the SDK and would love your feedback. Here's how to get involved:

- **Try it out**: `dotnet add package Interledger.OpenPayments`
- **Browse the source**: [github.com/interledger/open-payments-dotnet](https://github.com/interledger/open-payments-dotnet)
- **Read the docs**: [openpayments.dev](https://openpayments.dev/)

> - **Join the conversation**: Our community catchup calls happen every other Wednesday at 13:00 GMT. [Join via Google Meet](https://meet.google.com/htd-eefo-ovn)

Reviewer: I think it is Thursday now at 12:00 UTC. 

(I made a PR to update this in our open payments repo)

Author: Fixed, thank you
